Project:  README englische Übersetzung (#3192)
redaxo/redaxo: redaxo/src/addons/project/README.md

REDAXO-AddOn: project
=====================

> The project-AddOn is used as a basis for own project specific extensions. It is an initially empty AddOn, which can be equipped with PHP classes, stylesheets, JavaScript, media and other data needed in your project. REDAXO loads the AddOn like all others and integrates it into its processes. It is different from other AddOns in that its files are never overwritten or deleted during a system update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project addOn is used as a basis for custom project specific extensions. It is an initially empty addOn, which can be equipped with PHP classes, stylesheets, JavaScript, media and other data required in your project. REDAXO loads the addOn like all others and integrates it into its processes. However, it is different from other addOns in that its files are never overwritten or deleted during a system update.
```

Author: thx

Installation
------------

> The AddOn is delivered with the REDAXO-Core and has to be installed via the AddOn administration only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addOn is delivered with the REDAXO core and has to be installed via the addOn administration only.
```

Author: thx

}
```

Now you can replace the links in every module where you want http(s) links to open in a new browser window:

```php
echo my_helpers::links_to_blank($text);
```

> Further folders (`pages/`, `fragments/`, etc.) can be created directly in the project-AddOn. In the documentation you will find the corresponding notes: https://redaxo.org/doku/master/addon-struktur (German)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional folders (like `pages/`, `fragments/`, etc.) can be created directly within the project addOn. In the documentation you will find the corresponding notes: https://redaxo.org/doku/master/addon-struktur (German)
```

Author: thx
